Closes #11152: Add support to abort custom script gracefully (#11621)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/customization/custom-scripts.md

obj.save()
```

## Error handling

> Sometimes things go wrong and a script will run into an `Exception`. If that happens and an uncatched Exception is raised by the custom script, the execution is aborted and a full stacktrace reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes things go wrong and a script will run into an `Exception`. If that happens and an uncaught exception is raised by the custom script, the execution is aborted and a full stack trace is reported.
```

> Although this is helpful for debugging in some situations it might be required to cleanly abort the execution of a custom script (e.g. because of invalid input data) and thereby make sure no changes are performed on the database. In this case the script can throw a `AbortScript` exception, which will prevent the stacktrace from being reported, but still terminating the script's execution and reporting a given error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this is helpful for debugging, in some situations it might be required to cleanly abort the execution of a custom script (e.g. because of invalid input data) and thereby make sure no changes are performed on the database. In this case the script can throw an `AbortScript` exception, which will prevent the stack trace from being reported, but still terminating the script's execution and reporting a given error message.
```
